Steps to start project

1. Got to the project file path in comand prompt where app.js is located and and type npm install and press enter.
   It will create core modules and dependency modules. 

2. To create Forms,Users you need to run seed.js file.
   To run seed.js file go to the file path in command prompt and type node seed.js and press enter. The record gets created into database.

   Records created for User:
   There are three records created of user:
	1.Username : hindalka@stevens.edu
	  Password : harishIndalkar
	2.Username : hchavan@stevens.edu
	  Password : himanshuChavan
	3.Username : schavan7@stevens.edu
	  Password : shreeshChavan

   Records created for Admin:
	1.Username : phill@stevens.edu
	  Password : patrickHill

3.In the same file path in comand prompt type npm start. Server gets started.

4.Make sure that the internet is connected because project contains cdn links.

5.Go to a web browser and type localhost:3000, login page will appear. 

6.To create a user enter details in sign up form.

7.Enter username and password to login and home page appears.(USER PROCESS)
	On home page upcoming events can be seen and if not it will display an image of no events.
	Click on Register event and a new page will appear to fill details of person collecting tickets and number of people comming to event.
	Button is disabled unless the input fields are matched criteria and it will appear as you click on it. A successfull message will appear on screen.
	After successfully message appears the event will move to registerd event and click on registerd event to check the event appeared there.
	Further to update or cancel ticket you can do in registered event part.
	Click on cancel ticket it will cancel the tickets and redirect to home page.
	To check the comments or to add comment click on events comment button and it will redirect to comment section.
	if user haven't added any comments it will showll a text box to add comment followed by rest users comment.
	Click on logout to end the session and it will redirect to login page.

8. Enter username and password to login and home page appears.(ADMIN PROCESS)
	On home page a user can see three tabs, first of create form, view forms and registerd for events.
	On create form user has to create a form so that user can register for the event. Fill the details and it will create form.
	On View Forms user can check for all forms and can delete and update the form and can see the comments that user have added for the event.
	On Registered for event tab, the events appears on button just click on it and user can see the people who have registered for event.
	Log out to end the session.

9. Walk through presendation link is :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=572s9cPAoo0

10: Git link : https://github.com/1993-INDALKAR/Online-Event-Registrations.git
 

 